Do you want to see my photos?
What photos?
The photos that I took in Australia.
Oh, yes. I'd love to see them.
Well, here I am in a zoo near Brisbane.
What's the strange animal that you're holding?
It's a special Australian bear called a koala bear.
It's a lovely little animal that lives in trees.
It's so cute.
Yes.
And this photo was taken in the outback,
a wild area that most people want to visit
after the main tourist sites,
because it's so different from anywhere else.
It's just sand and rocks, isn't it?
Yes. It's the driest and loneliest place that I've ever been to.
Look, there's nothing around as far as you can see.
And this is the hotel that I stayed in at the Great Barrier Reef.
It looks wonderful. Right on the beach.
Yes. It was amazing.
Did you take this photo underwater?
Yes. With a special camera that I borrowed from my uncle.
It must have been a wonderful site, all those fish.
It was probably the most beautiful thing I have ever seen.
It's an experience I'll never forget.